content/coding/defi-hacks.md, before:

+++
title = "DeFi Hacks Playground"
description = "Explore Ethereum hacks using **Solidity** and **Foundry**."
draft = false
date = "2024-03-01"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["coding", "solidity", "foundry", "defi hacks"]

[extra]
category = "Personal projects"
home_feed_label = "Personal project"
+++


## Overview
This project aims to recreate (in)famous Ethereum transactions, similarly to [DeFi Hack Labs](https://github.com/SunWeb3Sec/DeFiHackLabs). However, it differs by not only recreating the transaction but also by providing a way to interact with vulnerable contracts. This allows to gain a better understanding of each step in the transaction's execution by creating logs and visualizing events in a flexible manner. In addition to this, another goal of this project is to provide a mechanism to modify vulnerable contracts, with the goal to mitigate the root cause of the issue and prevent hack to happen. Comprehensive write-ups of these hacks will also be included.

## Attacks
- [MiM Spell Attack analysis](/articles/mim-spell-attack) | [Code](https://github.com/vesla0x1/defi-hacks/tree/master/mim-spell)

## References
- **[Github](https://github.com/vesla0x1/defi-hacks)**
- [MiM Spell attack](/articles/mim-spell-attack)

Commit message:

feat(coding/defi-hacks): update description

content/coding/defi-hacks.md, after:

+++
title = "DeFi Hacks Playground"
description = "Explore Ethereum hacks using **Solidity** and **Foundry**."
draft = false
date = "2024-03-01"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["coding", "solidity", "foundry", "defi hacks"]

[extra]
category = "Personal projects"
home_feed_label = "Personal project"
+++

**[Github](https://github.com/vesla0x1/defi-hacks)**

This is a playground for me to learn and practice smart contract security by replaying (in)famous Ethereum transactions, similar to [DeFi Hack Labs](https://github.com/SunWeb3Sec/DeFiHackLabs/). However, in this project my goal is not just to replay the transaction, but also to test fixes for the hack and explore the vulnerable contracts involved in the attack by cloning the original contracts and modifying their code. This allows me better understand each step of the transaction by creating logs and visualizing events in flexible manner.

## Attacks
| Name   | Date          | Category        | Loss      | Fix  |
|:------:|:-------------:|:---------------:|:---------:|:----:|
| [MiM Spell](/articles/mim-spell-attack/) | 2024/01/30    | Precision loss  | ~$6,5M | [🛠️](https://github.com/vesla0x1/defi-hacks/commit/ab6bc9b7f43cd3f45496a47b3e4038bb79e9bf58) |
